I might make this into a Patreon video. My patreon account has been up for a while now, and no one has signed up for it.

There is an upfront investment required of your own personal brand and promotional energy. There is also something slimy about the subscription method, a resistance I'm not certain if I want to overcome.

What, then? Why think about it at all, instead of just posting any video content that I create directly onto some other platform?

One answer is that it works as a kind of private rehearsal space for digital strategies, which doesn't cost me anything to make pseudo-public, since it is something that I would be doing anyway.

I have too many ideas, and too little focus.

WRITING GAME

There is, however, a simple stat that I can focus on, one that I have a way to display on https://newlanguagestudio.com. The number of words that I've written in 2021.

It is early in the morning on a Tuesday. I have a coding class that I'm teaching at 1 or 2, and then dungeons and dragons from 5-7.

This file is located in a writing game, which is a public repository at https://continuitydrift.github.io.

NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING

I was just thinking about a guy who was possibly going to pay me to do a python tutorial. He just told me this morning that he would have an answer for me in a few months, until after the launch of another course.

There are a lot of different directions I could go in with the rest of the time I have at my disposal today. I could apply for the jobs I have on my list, or I could work more on my web page, or newsletter.

My biggest advance yesterday was figuring out how to use an email marketing service. I got one person to sign up for the mailing list.

I probably shouldn't stream, since I'll be doing that for three hours already.

Those two things are enough, for today: apply for jobs, write to W, and develop the DnD universe for the kids I'll play with in the evening.

This video/session will be 25 minutes long. It has felt longer than that, to be honest. Like meditation, I have to fend off the pull and hooks of other projects and modalities.

It is worth, it, though. I'm going to start building up a repository of videos to edit together.

The first blog post I write can be on getting strung along for jobs, and freelancing vs. corporate mindsets and attitudes.

I was just thinking about web design, again, as I was when I woke up, first thing. There is also the Improvised Learning Project. Here, I suppose, are my priorities for the week:

1. Apply for jobs
2. Get website functional
3. be a good game master
4. eat well and exercise
5. write an article
6. edit Improvised Learning

It can be like this: drift on the left side, continuity on the right.

This was from the public readme.md.

# Meta

Yes, games in outer space.

The group of friends that loves each other, that represents the kind of kinship bonds you instinctually want to model, hovers over the surface of the planet, which is quite simply an abstract psycho-dramaturgical representation of whatever conflict comes to mind.

The one change I had, and failed, and became embedded as a stage of infinite second chances, a revisitation and reinstallment, but only subquests that can be played at higher levels of difficulty.

Let me be honest. Actually getting programs to work seems difficult right now. Yet in that difficulty a gamification

Another possibility is this: you stay here, in this file, looking at exactly this point of manifesting ink, and it will defeat and encumber you.

"Think," the older woman with curls says, "remember the things you want to take out of the dimensional story." You know that there is limited time and space for all of the things you would like to remember, and experience.

By looking backward with so much love and adoration, part of you fears that you are tilting the bar downwards in the future, that you are poisoning some well of transcendent information. You need to let go of childhood, of the past, logic tells you, but what is logic without the love that gives reason to reason, that embodies the will to put philosophy into practice.

"We only have six scenes," the bar-keeper says, with the smirk of a drifter, "the meta-game is to win by putting as much story into them as possible."

"Here is the reason why letting yourself read previous writing of yours is related to getting over a fear of fond memories, let's call it: both involve a subordination to a previous incarnation of yourself, an abandonment of the principle of teleology, or progressive evolution."

"So childhood isn't inferior to adulthood, in term of comprehensive energies?"

"No."

"Before I
 was still figuring outwards
 elasticity
  my own ability to return to a sense of consistent self
   after strange voyages."
















If I type into this file, it should update the word count in the program running from the terminal.

Now, there should be seven more words.

This should now create a new entry.
